...just in time for Christmas.
I can't think of a better gesture.
Celebrating birthdays today,
Jennifer Beals is 26...
Do you hear that music, Mr. Zipper?
Yeah, no, I said
I was gonna take care of it.
Come on, sweetie, you gotta eat, please.
Yes, I will be right in.
Come on, sweetie, please?
-Just take one bite.
-Come on, Mommy's got to get to work.
Why did that work when you did it?
-You didn't do it right.
-Yeah. You didn't do it right.
Look, and I know this isn't our old house,
but give it a chance.
I liked growing up here...
most of the time.
Oh, God, that stupid floorboard.
We'll get it fixed.
They add character.
Where did you come from, hmm?
How did I get this glass-half-full girl?
Uh, don't you remember?
You ordered me
from the glass-half-full catalog.
Oh, hey.
Last day of summer break.
You got any big plans?
Oh, yeah. Huge.
I was gonna take some boxes,
break them down.
Maybe take them to the recycling bin.
Look, I know it's been hard
ever since your dad and I...
...you know.
Mom, you can say "divorce".
I won't break into a million pieces.
I just want you to know I appreciate it.
-How big a help you've been.
-Mom, I'm fine.
Seriously.
Do you mind?
You're blocking my light.
-Oh, sorry, I, I didn't...
-I'm kidding.
How could you possibly be blocking
my light from all the way over there?
Are you seriously that uptight?
-Um, I...
-That was rhetorical.
Graham.
And you are?
Oh, Olivia.
Olivia.
I'm coming over.
That looks tedious.
You... you could help me, you know.
Yah, I know.
Oh, good, my new neighbor's
a cheerleader. Yay.
-Hey! What's that supposed to mean?
-No, nothing.
No, I'm sure you're
a fascinating conversationalist.
I'll have you know,
not all cheerleaders are ditzes.
I was captain of the debate team.
Uh-huh.
The outside of this house
always creeped me out.
I have to say,
the inside does not disappoint.
It has that "something bad happened here
a long time ago" vibe.
I'm into it.
-I'm a big fan of the macabre.
Then you'd love it here.
I've been seeing and hearing weird things
since we moved in.
I need examples.
Shadows, like,
flickering lights, weird music.
That stuff.
But, I mean, that's just
what old houses do, right?
Like, ghosts aren't real, right?
They're not "not real".
Could be nothing.
Or... could be a poltergeist.
GRAHAM This is bad.
I mean, this is really bad, Olivia.
I mean, the mask is one thing,
but the suit...
There's nothing more dangerous
than a maniac with taste.
What's wrong?
Uh, I mean, besides the seven-foot demon
in your kitchen.
Nothing.
Just... first day
at a new school, you know?
Ah, don't worry.
Not like your whole life's riding
on making a good first impression.
Jade!
This is Olivia. Olivia, meet Jade.
Jade is one of our resident queen bees
and, uh, fellow cheerleader.
So, uh...
My work here is done. Bye!
Ah. So, where are you from?
Uh, Chicago. Basically.
I mean, like, right outside.
But my mom's from here, so...
Party time.
-Hey, I'm Chloe.
-Oh, I'm Olivia.
Olivia is trying out for the squad.
Please tell me you're a flyer.
We need another good flyer.
-I'm a flyer.
-Amazing.
Well, flyer, if you have Saturday plans,
cancel them and come to my party.
Thrill n' Chill, baby!
-Thrill n' chill?
-It's an amusement park.
They have the most insane roller coaster.
Wait, roller coaster?
The Dragon's Tongue.
It's, like, the oldest
roller coaster ever.
My brother said, like, 50 people
get thrown off of it every year.
Anyway, my mom got us priority passes,
so we can ride as many times as we want.
Olivia.
-Mm?
Are you okay?
What?
Oh, yeah, I'm just not
the hugest fan of roller coasters.
Uh, it's fine.
It's no biggie.
-It was nice meeting you.
-Try "tall guy, strange music."
-No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait, no.
-Tall guy, strange music, and a mask.
-Shh. Patience.
Please, a little patience.
A paranormal investigator
can take years to solve the case.
Can't expect me to solve this
in one study hall.
Oy vey.
Speaking of being summoned
by evil forces...
Sophomore love triangle
just went critical,
so I'm being called in to mediate.
Honestly, you solve one crisis,
and suddenly,
you're everyone's personal therapist.
Word of advice, Olivia.
Never be great at anything.
It's exhausting.
-Watch my stuff?
-Yeah.
No. No...
Come on, come on.
Listen. Okay, okay.
No, no. Please.
No!
-Come on.
Please, please, please, please, please.
No!
Olivia.
-Huh?
-Olivia, see this.
-Look how insane...
-Eight percent of riders
-...that is.
-lose their lunch,
but one hundred percent lose their minds
from our insane loops,
borderline dangerous drops,
and one-of-a-kind flaming Spiral of Death.
So hurry, before we get
our permits revoked.
Come ride the Dragon.
All right, second years, you're up.
Everybody else, watch and learn.
Coach, we're short a flyer.
What about Olivia?
Yeah, Olivia's a flyer.
-Yeah, but I--
-MRS.All right.
On the mat.
I don't know the routine.
You'll be fine, it's easy.
One, two, three, step.
One, two, three, up, heel stretch,
liberty, heel stretch, basket.
-Got it?
-MRS.Ready, and...
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Here comes the step up.
Oh, my God. Olivia, are you okay?
Okay, so it haunts you at home,
it haunts you at school.
Sometimes you hear music,
sometimes you don't.
-Yeah.
-It chases you, it doesn't chase you.
Whatever this thing is,
it's not very consistent.
But why is it haunting me?
I don't know.
Maybe it's an enemy from a past life?
No? Maybe... maybe
your grandparents built your house
on top of a haunted orphanage.
Or maybe it is one of your grandparents,
and they came back from the dead
to steal your life force.
Whatever the reason is, I give you about
a 40 percent chance of seeing graduation.
Thanks, Graham.
Makes me feel so much better.
Hey, look on the bright side, right?
At least you'd be going out on top.
First day of school and you get an invite
to Chloe's birthday party?
You won the popularity Powerball.
Yeah, I don't think I'm going.
Excuse me?
Did I just hear you say
you were gonna turn down
an invite from Chloe Gallo?
The Dragon roller coaster thing
they wanna ride?
It looks terrifying.
Kid, I guarantee you
that it will be less scary
than spending the next four years
of your life in social Siberia.
Do yourself a favor, Olivia.
Ride the Dragon.
Come ride the only roller coaster
condemned by the United Nations.
No height restrictions,
-no age restrictions.
-We don't even care if...
-I just got called back to the office.
I know, I know.
Movie night.
Worst mom ever.
-Can't you just work from home?
-I wish.
But there's this
big presentation tomorrow.
Everyone is melting down.
And, of course, I am the only one
who can deal with it.
Please don't leave.
Livvy, is something wrong?
No, no, no, it's nothing. It's fine. I...
I think I was just really looking forward
to movie night, so...
-Oh.
That must be Mrs. Lipton.
Seriously?
Mom, I'm 14.
I don't need a babysitter,
especially not Mrs. Lipton.
What's wrong with Mrs. Lipton?
Butterscotch?
My number's on the fridge.
Help yourself to anything.
-And thanks again.
Oh, it's no bother at all.
You know, I remember babysitting you
when you were a little girl.
Where on Earth are my keys?
-They're upstairs on your dresser.
-Oh.
So...
You knew my mom when she was little?
Hmm?
So you knew my mom when she was little?
Oh, yes. Nervous little thing,
used to insist this house was haunted.
Haunted?
MRS.
Never could get her to go to bed.
"There's a monster in my closet,
there's a monster outside my window."
Children and their imaginations.
Did she ever say
what the monster looked like?
Looked like? Hmm.
No, I don't recall her saying.
Oh, but I do remember her saying
she would hear music.
That's right. She would hear music
whenever it was nearby.
MRS.Oh, goodness, dear.
You're just as wound up as she was.
God, where is it?
-I don't see...
My life-saver.
Livvy?
You saw it too.
The monster.
You'd hear the music before it came.
You saw it when you were my age,
didn't you?
The man in the mask.
What is it?
Come here, honey.
I used to call it my nervous monster
because it only showed up
when I was worried about something.
I would hear the music.
And then he would appear.
So, are we, like... cursed?
No.
No. We're not cursed.
We're just different.
Your grandma used to call it my Squeamber
because it showed up
when I was squeamish or somber.
That's a really dumb name.
I think that was the point.
She thought that if it sounded silly,
it would be less scary.
And she was right.
When does it stop showing up?
Honey, they never stop.
I still see it from time to time,
but we have an understanding.
It's almost like... we're old friends.
Livvy, why didn't you tell me?
I didn't wanna worry you.
I'm your mother,
you're allowed to worry me.
You're also allowed to
have bad days and be upset.
You know what?
I'm gonna tell work I can't make it.
No.
If you can face yours, I can face mine.
-I'll be back as soon as I can.
I love you.
Livvy!
Olivia!
No.
No!
Hey. Stop!
Stop!
I said stop!
Back off.
Turn around.
Keep turning.
Stop.
Olivia, Jade's here!
Olivia!
You ready to lick the Dragon's Tongue?
Uh, so ready.
Bye, Mom. Bye, Aaron.
The Dragon's Tongue?
Yeah, I'll be fine.
Have a great time.
I will.
Wear your seat belt.
Sorry, that seat's taken.
Who are you talking to?
Friend.
I didn't know you were invited.
I wasn't.